---
title: "Solution"
id: "Solution"
---


# Solution


Hinges' is a multifaceted ecosystem providing users with seamless, easy-to-access investing opportunities across various asset classes and investment vehicles.

Clients can sign up with just a few mouse clicks. With no minimum balance or commission fees, investors can get started anytime. The user has complete control over their funds and can transact, exchange, and manage them however they see fit.

 

Hinges' is developing a CeDeFi financial platform that connects tokenized assets and protocols to traditional financial assets, making DeFi accessible to all.

In addition to lowering entry barriers, the integration will allow users to use decentralized financial protocols within centralized TradFi apps and web interfaces.

 

Hinges' aspires to be one of the most inclusive platforms available. Our platform is more straightforward, more accessible, and more user-friendly, especially for regular people.

The Hinges CeDeFi approach has numerous advantages. It democratizes the financial sector by allowing everyone easy access to financial services, drives down costs, accelerates time to market, and improves customer experiences.

 

Customers can deposit and withdraw funds directly from their accounts using the instant fiat option. These features will also make sending remittance payments easier and use OTC services.

The peer-to-peer exchange platform enables users to trade cryptocurrencies with one another at a low cost, eliminating the need for intermediaries and scams.

 

Our goal is to eliminate liquidity fragmentation and provide superior services to investors. We offer a comprehensive suite of digital tools allowing investors to diversify their holdings, monitor markets, and execute trades optimally.
 
Hinges' allows you to easily co-invest in real estate with other investors.
It's easy with Hinges. Our team will invest in listed real estate properties across multiple cities to reduce your exposure to the risk of investing in a single city, allowing you to benefit regardless of where the economy is doing the best. This diversified investment strategy can help you sleep better at night.
 
We are developing a sustainable in-game economy focusing on gameplay rather than play-to-earn "earnings" for long-term viability. We primarily focus on in-game features that add value and maintain a healthy balance between value creators and extractors. 

Players will see the benefits of owning and trading digital assets if blockchain games are made more fun and immersive. Improved gameplay mechanics that offer such rewards improve player retention and engagement.
 
Hinges' is paving the way for crypto users to access the value of their funds by launching 0% APR crypto loans allowing them to continue reaping the benefits of cryptocurrencies without liquidating their investments.

By removing interest rates, we also remove the possibility of interest capitalization. It creates a debt trap from which people frequently struggle to escape. Interest is a type of exploitation that harms cryptocurrency users by forcing them to spend money on money. The project hopes to relieve all cryptocurrency users of this burden by introducing interest-free loans.

 

We aim to drive healthy and sustainable growth in the global blockchain ecosystem by acting as a long-term strategic partner to our portfolio of truly promising early stage blockchain start-ups.
 
  

