---
title: "Staking"
id: "Staking"
---

# Staking

Hinges' rewards users for staking their tokens. Users can stake any number of tokens - no minimum required.

The top Hinges' holders will be rewarded with staking rewards based on the percentage of tokens held by stakers, distributed in three groups and phases.

These staking rewards incentivize the top holders to hold or improve their position in the overall wallet rankings. Moving up from group 3 to group 2 effectively increases the number of staking rewards a user may receive; moreover, moving up from group 2 to group 1 nearly doubles these staking rewards.

### Hinges' Unstaking & Withdrawals.

A staker must request to withdraw Hinges at least 14 days (Blackout Window) before the end of an epoch to be able to withdraw the staker's Hinges after that epoch. If stakers do not request to withdraw, their staked Hinges is rolled over into the next epoch.

### Withdrawals cannot be requested during the Blackout Window.

To start earning settlement fees, one should acquire Hinges tokens and lock them on the staking contract. During this period, a token holder won't be able to withdraw Hinges tokens from the staking contract. After this period, a token holder can initiate the withdrawal.

 
After Hinges tokens are deposited to the staking contract, a token holder becomes an active Hinges staking lot holder. 

If a token holder decides to unstake before the lock period expires, the holder will be able to receive all of his Hinges staked, but 50% of attributed Hinges rewards will be shared by other stakers. 

Staked Hinges earn rewards for the period of time that it remains active. By staking Hinges, you can continue to earn rewards even after you have requested a withdrawal.

 
### What is the Blackout Window?

A blackout window is a period of time during which users cannot request withdrawals of staked Hinges. TherequestWithdrawalfunction cannot be called during a blackout window, which is initially configured as the last 14 days of an epoch. New epochs start every 28 days. In other words, users can request a withdrawal for the next epoch up to 14 days before the end of a given epoch.
