---
title: "Bug Bounty Program"
id: "Bug-Bounty-Program"
---


# Bug Bounty Program


Hinges' is engaging with security experts and the community to hunt down vulnerabilities—the bounty program rewards up to USD 50,000 for finding critical security bugs. Also: All awards are subject to review and approval.

All High and Critical Smart Contract bug reports require a PoC with an end-effect impacting an asset-in-scope and a suggestion for a fix to be eligible for a reward. Explanations and statements are not accepted as PoC, and code is required.

 

### Submission process

As security is sensitive, we encourage users not to submit public issues regarding the platform's security. We encourage using your discretion; if the issue is not something the public can easily exploit, feel free to create an issue at the repo over at GitHub. If the issue presents some critical exploit, then please email us instead at fundmanager@hinges.io

 

Suppose an impact can be caused to any other asset managed by Hinges. In that case, you are encouraged to submit it for consideration by the team. This only applies to Critical impacts.

 

In your submission, please include the following:

. A clear description of the issue

. A fix for the issue, preferably as a pull request

. If unable to provide a fix, then please provide clear directions on how to reproduce the issue

. Your email address or other relevant contact details (e.g., Telegram or Discord ID)

 

### Our bug bounty program prohibits the following activities:

 

. Automated testing of services that generates significant amounts of traffic.

. Any denial of service attacks.

. Any testing with third-party systems and applications (e.g., browser extensions) as well as websites (e.g., SSO providers, advertising networks)

. Attempting phishing or other social engineering attacks against our employees or customers.

. Public disclosure of an unpatched vulnerability in an embargoed bounty.

. Attacks that the reporter has already exploited themselves, leading to damage.

. Attacks requiring access to leaked keys/credentials.

. Attacks requiring access to privileged addresses (governance, strategist).

 

 

### Eligibility and Coordinated Disclosure

We are happy to thank everyone who submits valid reports, which help us improve security. However, only those that meet the following eligibility requirements may receive a monetary reward:

 

. You must be the first reporter of a vulnerability.

. The vulnerability must be a qualifying vulnerability.

. Any vulnerability found must be reported within 24 hours after discovery.

. You must send a clear textual description of the report along with steps to reproduce the issue, including attachments such as screenshots or proof of concept code as necessary.

. You must not be a former or current employee of ours or one of our contractors.

. Provide detailed but to-the-point reproduction steps.
