---
title: "Collaberate With US"
id: "Collaborate-with-US"
---


# Collaborate with Us

### We are hiring exceptional talent across the board who are passionate about developing, improving, and contributing to the future of finance.

We have collaborated, created novel innovations, and traded in cryptocurrency for years. Our goal is to assist in laying the conduit and pavers that will help the industry develop in the future. We have witnessed many trends rise (and collapse) and are prepared for what is to come.

Because we think innovation doesn't happen in a vacuum, and that's truer in the crypto business than any other, we're building alongside the community.

 

Developers: Come and build something extraordinary. We seek Senior Frontend and Backend Software Engineers to help with our product efforts. There are many opportunities to work with us and grow your career.

 

Designers: Take part in the creative process and make a difference. Start from a blank canvas and come up with ideas that have yet to be thought of.

 

### Marketers & Influencers:

Use your abilities and influence to create real, observable value.
Become an ambassador and help us spread the word.
Get rewarded for promoting what you love.
 

Give us a shout! We always seek exciting partnership opportunities, places to share our story, feedback, and ways to connect! Don't hesitate to reach out - we would love to hear from you!

 

We welcome any new ideas that make Hinges a better product, be it a collaborative synergy with your product or new feature suggestions.

 

Contact us. You'll find us at all hours on Telegram and Discord. You can also reach us through the usual channels.
